---
title: Marstons
pubDate: '2009-10-20'
author: The Thirsty Pig
source: thethirstypig.com
originalUrl: http://www.thethirstypig.com/2009/10/20/marstons/
heroImage: /images/posts/marstons/DSCN0033.JPG
images:
- /images/posts/marstons/DSCN0033.JPG
- /images/posts/marstons/DSCN0034.JPG
- /images/posts/marstons/DSCN0040.JPG
- /images/posts/marstons/DSCN0046.JPG
categories:
- American
- San Gabriel Valley
- Breakfast
- 1 pig
- $
tags:
- LA's San Gabriel Valley
description: This is a local breakfast favorite that not too many people know about. Marston’s famous cornflake french toast is what drives people to wait and wait for seat.
archiveUrl: https://web.archive.org/web/20110105210246/http://www.thethirstypig.com/2009/10/20/marstons/
draft: false
---

This is a local breakfast favorite that not too many people know about. Marston’s famous cornflake french toast is what drives people to wait and wait for seat.

I know people talk about how the french toast here is great and all. And don’t get me wrong, I think it is really good as well. But at the end of the day, in my humble opinion, I do think it is overrated.

I like the concept, with the cornflakes on the french toast. But I think with a french toast, most people are expecting something sweet and/or savory. But when you add texture, the cornflakes, it brings a different element that people don’t expect. I think this 3rd element takes away the usual french toast. In my opinion, I think french toast should be more sweet or savory, than have this texture. But, again, this is just my opinion.

But let me get back to this french toast. The toast, similar to a large Texas toast, is coated with cornflakes, browned together. Sprinkled with some powdered sugar and a side of maple syrup, without other sides, this dish is a meal in itself.

On this day, I let my cupcake friend order the french toast, while I ordered the The Serendipity, which is Ham, onions, peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, and cheddar cheese, topped with green Ortega chili, pico de gallo. I must say, I enjoyed this more than the few bites I had of the french toast. I like the chili with tomatoes on the eggs. If you don’t know, I love eggs, any which way.

Anyways. . . I do suggest to try the french toast, at least once. But also, consider the Serendipity, as well.
