---
title: 渔港明珠, Dalian
pubDate: '2010-09-12'
author: The Thirsty Pig
source: thirstypig.com
originalUrl: http://thirstypig.com/2010/09/12/%e6%b8%94%e6%b8%af%e6%98%8e%e7%8f%a0-dalian/
categories:
- Chinese
tags:
- dalian
- chinese
- fugu
- braised-fish
description: My last lunch in Dalian could have been my last meal ever. Among the different things we had at lunch, we finished it off with a braised fish – Fugu. I will forever remember the Dalian, especially wit
archiveUrl: https://web.archive.org/web/20161019174539/http://thirstypig.com/2010/09/12/%e6%b8%94%e6%b8%af%e6%98%8e%e7%8f%a0-dalian/
draft: true
location: 渔港明珠
city: Dalian
cuisine:
- Chinese
---


My last lunch in Dalian could have been my last meal ever. Among the different things we had at lunch, we finished it off with a braised fish – Fugu. I will forever remember the Dalian, especially with this fish that we had.

Served last, this fish, looks like a huge puffer fish. Deadly poisonous, this fish, if not properly prepared, will kill you. If unproperly prepared, death can occur. Japan now cultivates poison free fugu by keeping bacteria away from the Fugu. Our particular dish, featured a particularly large fugu, braised in a large stone bowl. The meat was quite tender, unlike other fish. There wasn’t too many bones, which is a plus in my book. I noted the delicate flavor of the white fleshed fish. The thick heavy orange sauce accented the flavors. I think the braising makes the meat quite tender. I understand, that this fish is quite expensive and must be ordered well ahead.

An unspoken Dalian or northern Chinese custom is to serve dumplings before you leave on a trip. And when you arrive, you are served noodles. In addition, we also had lots of dumplings, boiled water ones. I really like dumplings, all types. But boiled waters dumplings are my favorite. I guess I like the little package goodies that these treats offer. Fried ones and steamed ones are good as well.

What to Order: Braised Fugu – remember to order ahead of time
What not to Order:

[Rating](http://www.thethirstypig.com/rating-system/)
3 Pigs
Price Range 3 $/¥/NT

##### 渔港明珠 [辽宁省大连沙河口区星海会展广场e区27~35号](http://maps.google.com/maps?client=safari&oe=UTF-8&ie=UTF8&q=shining+pearl+seafood+dalian&fb=1&hq=shining+pearl+seafood&hnear=Dalian,+Liaoning,+China&cid=0,0,5632164031055642335&ei=eMevTKnyJ4SfcbK75doN&ved=0CC8QnwIwAA&z=16&iwloc=A) China +86 411-84805555 Shining Pearl Seafood 27-35/E, Xinghaiwan Square, Dalian, P.R. China +86 411-84805555
