---
title: Fu 1088 福一零八八, Shanghai
pubDate: '2010-08-21'
author: The Thirsty Pig
source: thirstypig.com
originalUrl: http://thirstypig.com/2010/08/21/fu-1088-%e7%a6%8f%e4%b8%80%e9%9b%b6%e5%85%ab%e5%85%ab-shanghai/
categories:
- Xuhui
- Shanghai
tags:
- Shanghainese
description: Translated as Blessing 1088, 福一零八八 or also known as Fu 1088 is fine Shanghainese dining at its best. In the popular Jingan District, you won’t find a flashy sign, nor large crowds, yet this unassuming
archiveUrl: https://web.archive.org/web/20161019091816/http://thirstypig.com/2010/08/21/fu-1088-%e7%a6%8f%e4%b8%80%e9%9b%b6%e5%85%ab%e5%85%ab-shanghai/
draft: false
location: 福1088
city: Shanghai
region: Shanghai
address: 镇宁路375号 (愚园路口), Changning, 上海市, 200050
coordinates:
  lat: 31.223407
  lng: 121.431377
---


Translated as Blessing 1088, 福一零八八 or also known as Fu 1088 is fine Shanghainese dining at its best. In the popular Jingan District, you won’t find a flashy sign, nor large crowds, yet this unassuming location features a great atmosphere for groups.

In a renovated early 1900′s mansion, Fu 1088 has taken this unique space to feature multiple private dining rooms. There’s a large main dinning floor on the 1st floor. In addition, there’s at least 3 or floor floors in the restaurant – with each floor having 3 or 4 private dining rooms. Fine dining in China, almost always requires a private room. I think in the US, patrons enjoy to people watch.

Another thing about Chinese dining . . . its always good to have a large group so you can order many different dishes. It doesn’t make sense to have a small group of 4 or less, with 4 dishes or so. With at least 8 people, you can order lots of little dishes and try many things. I know when I went to eat Chinese food in the states, with a friend or a date, we always tended to over order to try many things. And we ended up finishing less than half the meal.

Tonight, our group of 8, got order many dishes. Fu 1088 presented the a typical Shanghai fried fish in stacks piled up high. I thought this was a great take on a usually boring dish. We then had another fish dish, which was steamed with a thick sweet sauce. I could do without the thick and sweet sauce, a trait that makes Shanghainese food famous or infamous for.

Almost every Shanghainese meal I’ve had, always included the famous braised sweet pork. Tonight was no different, since I am a big fan of anything pig . . . It was presented in a dark reddish glaze over the clear fat. You knew that you would be entering mouth ecstasy of this magnificent dish. As the lazy susan rotated to me, I almost couldn’t hold it in as I watched everyone juggle the jiggling pork fat with their chopsticks. But the ambiance at Fu 1088, almost demanded proper etiquette.

What to Order: Braised Pork
What not to Order:

##### [Rating](http://www.thethirstypig.com/rating-system/) 2 Pigs Price Range 3 $/¥/NT

##### 福一零八八 [上海静安区镇宁路375号(愚园路口)](http://maps.google.com/maps?client=safari&q=%E4%B8%8A%E6%B5%B7%E9%9D%99%E5%AE%89%E5%8C%BA%E9%95%87%E5%AE%81%E8%B7%AF375%E5%8F%B7&oe=UTF-8&ie=UTF8&hl=en&hq=&hnear=China+Shanghai+Jing+An+Qu+Nan+Jing+Xi+Lu+2068%E5%8F%B7%E4%B9%90%E8%B4%AD%EF%BC%88%E9%95%87%E5%AE%81%E8%B7%AF%EF%BC%89&z=14&iwloc=A)+86 21-52397878
